feat(tracing): integrate Jaeger tracing sink (#543)
influxdata/influxdb_iox: docs/tracing.md

in other crates - there are subscribers that consume events and emit logs, some
that use the function entry spans for timing/metric data, and more every day!

### OpenTelemetry

[OpenTelemetry] is a relatively new standard to encourage interoperability within
the telemetry/tracing ecosystem. The `tracing-opentelemetry` crate subscribes to
the data produced by the `tracing` crate.

It's essentially an adaptor, consuming from `tracing` and converting them to
OpenTelemetry compatible events.

There are many [configuration options] supported at runtime.

### Jaeger (`opentelemetry_jaeger`)

[Jaeger] is a widely used telemetry collector with its own wire protocol,
separate from OpenTelemetry. While they're working on adding support for the
OpenTelemetry standard, it is not yet fully integrated (though I believe there
are builds available.)

The [`opentelemetry_jaeger` crate] sits at the end of the chain - the `tracing`
events are converted to `tracing-opentelemetry` events, which dispatches them to
this crate to be emitted to a listening Jaeger service.

## Using it

### Running IOx

First off, when running IOx you need to choose how much information you want.

> You do this by setting the `RUST_LOG="debug"` environment variable (or `info`,

Author: We can rather easily change this - perhaps to something a bit more relevant to the end user like `IOX_LOG` / `LOG_LEVEL` or some such?

`error`, etc) or passing `-v` or `-vv` on the command line. The `RUST_LOG`
environment variable provides [granular control] over what log verbosity is

> configured for individual internal components (tip: try `RUST_LOG="iox=debug"`!)

Reviewer: what's the definition of a component? A `crate`? A `module`?

Author: Good question!

[The docs](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/0.2.15/tracing_subscriber/struct.EnvFilter.html#directives) are super helpful in this case:

> target matches the event or span's target. In general, this is the module path and/or crate name.

🤷 

Fortunately it does include some examples though:

> Examples of targets h2, tokio::net, or tide::server.

You can also choose to collect traces in Jaeger - this helps visualise
request-scoped events and provides timing information, and is generally a pretty
helpful tool when debugging. To enable Jaeger tracing output, set the following
environment variables:

```shell
OTEL_SERVICE_NAME="iox" # Defaults to iox if not specified

# No default, must be set
OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_HOST="jaeger.influxdata.net"
OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_AGENT_PORT="6831"
```

### Working on IOx

> When you're writing code, you should liberally use `debug` level tracing, as

Reviewer: Can any of these calls can be removed in release mode?

Author: They [can be](https://tracing.rs/tracing/level_filters/index.html).

I also just discovered `trace!()` which I'd somehow missed all this time. I'll include it in the doc, but I'm interested in when each should be used - I'm assuming we should compile out the most verbose level for `release` builds, but value in allowing runtime `level=debug` when we bump into potential bugs. So maybe:

* `trace!()` for debug builds and verbose messaging, used liberally
* `debug!()` for events that would help triaging bugs, but are not useful to the user, cautious of perf impact
* `info!()` & above for info useful to the user

What do you think? Do we have any similar guidelines for our existing products we can steal?

Reviewer 2: As I understand it, the cost of a `debug!` macro invocation is an integer comparison when the log level is set so that debug messages aren't shown (some of the beauty of these being macros rather than functions).

Author: I have added some guidelines and compiled out `trace!` for `release` builds - I think it's helpful to have the three possibilities for tracing (see [commit](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb_iox/pull/543/commits/db80359a4d3fff044fcbe3011b5771f37d591d1a))

well as `info` and above for information that is important to the user. This
helps greatly when tracking down any problems or to simply understand where
requests wind up in the codebase - this is particularly important when requests
span multiple servers!

Instrument your important functions at `info` - these provide a logical request
call stack rather than a _function_ call stack, so you can construct meaningful
traces without lots of noise.

Emit logs as you normally would, but [include contextual information] in them as
**fields** rather than interpolated strings:

```rust
#[tracing::instrument]
fn say_hello(name: &str) {

> 	// This is good - fields come first!
>     info!(name, "hello there");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Good: emit an event with name="hello there". Note that fields come first!
    info!(name, "hello there");
```

Author: So this isn't actually what happens - as is, it emits something like:

```
[2020-12-10T10:49:47Z INFO  wal::writer] hello there     name="dom"
```

It uses the var name as the field name unless it is specified like so:

```rust
info!(person=name, "hello there");
```

Which would output:

```
[2020-12-10T10:49:47Z INFO  wal::writer] hello there     person="dom"
```

[The docs](https://docs.rs/tracing/0.1.22/tracing/#recording-fields) show all the different ways of including contextual information, there's quite a few!

	// This is alright, but less structured / useful
    info!("hello there {}", name);
}
```

Instrumented functions wind up as distinct spans in the Jaeger trace, and all
the events emitted within them are output to stdout as log lines (with the
contextual information) as well as in the Jaeger span.

Instrumented functions also record the call arguments automatically (though you
can [control it]) with args printed using `Display` at `level=info` and above,
or `Debug` being used for `level=debug`. For example:

If your function returns a `Result<T, E>` and `E: Display` then you can record
the error too:

> ```rust

Reviewer 2: 👍
